might do the same thing so rejecting the
supernatural might be a meme that we all
become inculcated with or we all learn
at some point after we give up on let's
say God and become atheists those of us
who have become atheists but a misfiring
of that idea a misfiring of the idea
that one should reject Supernatural
explanations
could be reject all non-physical
explanations or reject all explanations
cast in terms of things that include
non-physical entities that's a misfiring
because not all non-physical things are
Supernatural and not everything in the
universe is physical in particular the
laws of physics are not physical numbers
are not physical mathematics is not the
study of physical things but abstract
things and so on all of these things are
non-physical parts of abstract reality
abstractions have a reality and this
reality can have effects on the physical
world as we saw in chapter 5.